I am cool but global warming made me hot.
Netflix, youtube, food, my bed, Perfection.
Making History.
I’m on energy-saving mode.
Success is in my blood.
Problem solver. Social media fanatic. Passionate travel guru.
By grace through faith. Beautiful.
Keeping it simple and living life with zero regrets.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
I want a cute, long relationship where everyone will say damn they’re still together?
Just a cupcake looking for a stud muffin.
I’ve fallen in love many times always with you.
Eat…sleep….regret…repeat.
Someday, there’s going to be an updated version of me.
We live in a society where pizza gets into our house before the police.
If I delete your number, you’re basically deleted from my life.
One tequila, two tequila, floor.
Why look up at the stars when the biggest star is me.
Scratch here ▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ to reveal my bio.
Life is dumb and I want to sleep.
Spreading smiles.
Life F$@ks me, now it’s my turn.
Bob the builder fixing my attitude.
Don’t follow me b’coz I don’t know where I am going.
I ‘m busy on Instagram but you do something useful.
The thermometer is not the only thing in the world having degrees without brains. Hurray, at last, I got my degree. Graduated.
The best $$ of me is yet to come.
I rate myself 10/10 b’coz I am too basic.
Reality is finally better than your dreams.
Trying to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.
I am just a cupcake looking for a stud muffin
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but if the doctor is cute forget the fruit
Silence is the most powerful scream
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken
Sometimes you don’t realize the value of a moment until it becomes a memory
Every time I see you I fall in love all over again
If life is not smiling at you, give it a good tickling
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies
If life gives you lemons, make a margarita
There are no rainbows without rain, no stars without darkness
A King only bows down to his Queen
I have enough shoes, said no one ever
I never met a French fry I didn’t like
Be like a pineapple: stand tall, wear a crown and be sweet in the inside
Rain is like confetti falling from the sky
You are enough
The greater the storm, the brighter the rainbow
You can’t spell awesome without ME
I am like a butterfly: pretty to see and hard to catch
Lift up your head princess or your crown will fall
Life isn’t perfect but your outfit can be
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away
Be like a diamond, precious & rare, not like a stone found everywhere
Born free now I am expensive
I don’t have time to hate people who hate me because I’m too busy loving people who love me
Living the life I imagined
Today’s mood is brought to you by coffee and lipstick
Behind every girl’s favorite song, is an untold story
I’m a girl..Don’t touch my hair, face, phone, or boyfriend
I dress up to stare at my reflection when I walk past store windows
The hardest thing I ever tried was being normal
Keep your heels, head & standards high
Trust the magic of new beginnings
I like it when you smile but I love it when I’m the reason
No rain no flowers
Some girls don’t need make up because they are born to be original
I know looks are not everything, but I have them just in case
I am made of flaws but stitched up to perfection
I am half sassy and half glam with a sprinkle of fairy dust
You couldn’t handle me even if I came with instructions
I like my coffee how I like my man: hot and strong
A smarty pants who knows too much for her own good
Be the flamingo in a flock of pigeons
I am sugar and spice and everything nice
Confident is the new Sexy
Chase my storm
Addicted to Vitamin-Sea
A little bit of sun, sand and sea
I am a cutie with a mission and a hottie with ambition
Bubbly like Champagne
Wear your confidence like a crown
Sleep is like a time machine to breakfast
You don’t need a King and a castle to be a Princess
Always living in the weekend
I’m everything you want but can’t have
Let’s get lost together
These are the days we live for
Life is like a box of chocolates
Gone wild for a while
Watching sunsets not Netflix
Sweeter than honey
This account is proof that I can take photos
Life is a like a balloon, if you don’t let go you will never know how far it can rise
On a 24h Champagne diet
Chasing waterfalls and wanderlust
You couldn’t handle me even if I came with instructions
I don’t need prince charming to have my own happy ending
I won’t cry for you. My mascara’s too expensive
It may look like I am having deep thoughts but I am actually just thinking about what to eat next
To be old and wise you must first be young and stupid
Recovering ice-cream addict
Life is too short for bad coffee
Monday is so far from Friday but Friday is so close to Monday
There, I joined Instagram, now what?
Under construction, come back soon
Don’t follow me because I don’t know where I am going
I always learn from the mistakes of others who take my advice
My hobbies include eating and complaining that I’m getting fat
I’m not short, I’m just more down to earth than other people
I prefer my puns intended
I wonder what happens when the doctor’s wife eats an apple a day
It is wine o’clock somewhere!
This is the account of a caffeine dependent life-form
Never argue with an idiot they’ll drag you down to their level and beat you through experience
I only use Instagram to stalk
Your vibe attracts your tribe
Hey I just met you and this is crazy
Everyday is Friday if you want it to be
If I was funny, I would have a good Instagram bio quote
Cucumber is 95% water and 100% not pizza
This account is me on my worst behavior
I did not wake up today to be mediocre
Be the light you want to see in the world
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together
Don’t expect change while thinking the same
Don’t let the colors fade to grey
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire, Jeniffer Lee
The most complicated skill is to be simple, Dejan Stojanovic
A lion doesn’t concern himself with the opinion of a sheep
Optimism is contagious
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% what you make of it
The best things in life are free
It is better to be a lonely lion that a popular sheep
If you are tired of starting over, stop giving up
Hustle + Heart will set you apart
All your dreams are on the other side of fear
An optimist sees opportunity in every difficult situation
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations
You totally can
Daydreamer, night thinker
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door
